add makefile strategy description (#811)
kyma-project/serverless: hack/makefile-strategy.md

# Makefile architecture

The goal is to develop a way to extend Makefile targets in the most readable way, without keeping all targets in one file.

Pros of the architecture:

* targets are well organized
* single responsibility
* extensibility

## Dependencies description

> * `Makefile` - The main makefile which allow install and run serverless. It's high level target to run serverless without knowing it's internals. It's the first contact point for serverless users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Makefile` - The main makefile that allows for installing and running the Serverless module. It's a high-level target to run the module without knowing its internals. It's the first contact point for the Serverless module users.
```
`serverless` in general or `the Serverless module`?

> * `Makefile` - The main makefile that allows for installing and running the Serverless module. It's a high-level target to run the module without knowing its internals. It's the first contact point for the Serverless module users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Makefile` - The main makefile that allows for installing and running the Serverless Operator. It's a high-level target to run the module without knowing its internals. It's the first contact point for the Serverless module users.
```

* `hack/Makefile` - High-level API that contains all targets that may be used by any CI/CD system. It has dependencies on the `hack/*.mk` makefiles.

> * `hack/*.mk` - Contains common targets that may be used by other makefiles (they are included and shouldn't be run directly). Targets are groupped by functionality. They should contain helpers' targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hack/*.mk` - Contains common targets that may be used by other makefiles (they are included and shouldn't be run directly). Targets are grouped by functionality. They should contain helpers' targets.
```

> * `components/operator/Makefile` - Contains all basic operations on serverless operator like builds, tests, etc. used during development. It's also used by `Makefile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `components/operator/Makefile` - Contains all basic operations on Serverless Operator like builds, tests, etc., used during development. It's also used by `Makefile`.
```

> * `components/serverless/Makefile` - Contains all basic operations on serverless like builds, tests, etc. used during development. It's used by `Makefile`.

Author: ```suggestion
* `components/serverless/Makefile` - Contains all basic operations on serverless like builds, tests, etc. used during development.
```

> * `components/serverless/Makefile` - Contains all basic operations on serverless like builds, tests, etc. used during development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `components/serverless/Makefile` - Contains all basic operations on the Serverless module like builds, tests, etc., used during development.
```
See my question for the 1st comment.

Author: Serverless - only in this case.

## Good practices

Every makefile (`Makefile` and `*.mk`) must contain a few pieces, making the file more useful and human-readable:

> * include `hack/help.mk` - this file provide `help` target describing what is inside Makefile and what we can do with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* include `hack/help.mk` - this file provides the `help` target describing what is inside `Makefile` and what we can do with it.
```

> * before any `include` you should define `PROJECT_ROOT` environment variable pointing on project root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* before `include` you must define the `PROJECT_ROOT` environment variable pointing to the project root directory.
```

> Additionaly `Makefile` (but not `*.mk`) should contain:

Reviewer: What happens if it does not contain Description and Sections?

Author: `help` doesn't show such target or section.

> Additionaly `Makefile` (but not `*.mk`) should contain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `Makefile` (but not `*.mk`) can also contain the following:
```

* Description - helps understand what the target does and shows it in the help. (`## description` after target name).

> * Sections - allow for separations of targets based on their destination. (`##@`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sections - allows for separations of targets based on their destination. (`##@`).
```
